PART-3
Instructions for Using the Code from GitHub Repository

1. Clone the Repository

You needs to download (clone) the project files from your GitHub repository onto your own computer. You need to provide the link to your own repository. Here’s how it’s done:

Step 1: Open Command Prompt (Windows) or Terminal (Mac/Linux).

Step 2: Run the following command:

git clone https://github.com/LakshikaGrover/POTATO/tree/POTATO

What Happens Here:
This command creates a new folder in the current directory on Your’s computer, and it will contain all the project files from my GitHub repository.

2. Navigate to the Project Folder

After cloning the repository, You needs to navigate (move into) the project folder. This is a command to tell the system which folder to work in.

Step 1: Run this command:

cd Twitter_tweet_query

What Happens Here:
cd stands for "change directory." It tells the system to move into the folder named Twitter_tweet query (which was created when the repository was cloned in Step 1).

You doesn't need to write your own folder name here. you just need to use the exact name of the folder created when they cloned the repository, which is Twitter_tweet query in this case.

3. Install Required Libraries

The code might rely on certain libraries that are not available by default in Python. To install these dependencies, You needs to run a command like the following:

Step 1: Run this command:

pip install pandas

What Happens Here:
pip is the package installer for Python. This command installs the pandas library, which is necessary for working with data files (like .tsv files).

If you have other dependencies, list them all in a requirements.txt file and ask You to run:

pip install -r requirements.txt

This command will install all the required libraries listed in requirements.txt in one go.

4. Run the Script

After setting up the repository and installing the necessary libraries, You are ready to run your analysis script.

Step 1: Run the following command:

python Twitter_tweet_query.ipynb


What the Script Should Do:

It should prompt You to enter a search term, like COVID or music.

After entering a search term, the script should provide various insights, such as the number of tweets per day, number of unique users, etc.


5. Enter a Search Term

When the script runs, it should display a message asking You to input a search term:

Enter the search term you want to analyze (e.g., 'music'):

You can then type in any term, such as COVID, and the script will process this input and display the results.

6. View Results
